chore(docs): link to gatsby-plugin-catch-links in gatsby link docs (#19424)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/gatsby-link.md

## Additional resources

- [Authentication tutorial for client-only routes](/tutorial/authentication-tutorial/)

> - [`gatsby-plugin-catch-links`](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-catch-links/) for using client side routing in markdown files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`gatsby-plugin-catch-links`](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-catch-links/) to automatically intercept local links in Markdown files for `gatsby-link` like behavior
```
